protocol §3.2 small fixes, §4: impl source key hierarchy (#193)
freedomofpress/securedrop-protocol: docs/protocol.md

### 4. Source key setup

To begin each session, a source MUST enter (on their first visit) or reenter (on
a subsequent visit) some $passphrase$. A master key $mk$ is derived from the
passphrase using a password-based KDF.

Three private keys are then derived from $mk$ using a
domain-separated KDF: one for message fetching and two for encryption (APKE and
PKE). All source keys are long-term and fully determined by the passphrase.

| Source                                                                            |
| --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| $`mk \gets \text{PBKDF}(passphrase)`$                                             |
| $`sk_S^{fetch} \gets \text{KDF}(mk, \texttt{sourcefetchkey})`$                    |
| $`sk_S^{APKE}(\text{DH}) \gets \text{KDF}(mk, \texttt{sourceAPKEkey-dh})`$        |
| $`sk_S^{APKE}(\text{ML-KEM}) \gets \text{KDF}(mk, \texttt{sourceAPKEkey-mlkem})`$ |
| $`sk_S^{PKE} \gets \text{KDF}(mk, \texttt{sourcePKEkey})`$                        |

Note that $sk_S^{APKE}$ is a hybrid key: SD-APKE requires separate DH-AKEM and ML-KEM-768

> components, each derived independently using their own label.

Reviewer: Thanks for spelling this out.

```suggestion
Note that $sk_S^{APKE}$ is a hybrid key: SD-APKE requires separate DH-AKEM and ML-KEM-768
components, each derived independently using its own label.
```
